Documentation (#131)
PM-Dungeon/core: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contributing to this project
```

> If you would like to contribute to the project, please follow the code convention. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the best things about writing and publishing a lecture online is that
people like you have the opportunity to give us feedback and ask questions or
point out typos or find other errors or ambiguities in the text.

## Questions, Bugs or Feature Requests

You are welcome to open a new issue. After clicking on the "new issue" button,
you will be offered a few issue templates. Please choose the appropriate template
or select "Open a blank issue, if the templates do not fit.

Please check first if your request is already addressed in other (open or closed)
issues. Feel free to reopen matching closed issues for this purpose to enter your
request there.

## Pull Requests

You are welcome to contribute via a pull request.

Please **open an issue first** so that your contribution can be discussed
beforehand.

Then create a new feature branch starting from the `master` branch and submit
your contribution to it with a pull request from your feature branch to the
`master` branch in this repo. Please make sure that your **feature branch starts
from the top of the current `master` branch**.

Except for team members who can create new feature branches directly in this
repo, you will need to fork the repo and work on your contribution in a feature
branch there.

Please note that after acceptance (i.e. merging the feature branch into the
`master` branch) your contribution is automatically subject to the licence of
this repository (CC BY-SA 4.0).

## Building Stuff

If you want to contribute code to the project, please follow our [code conventions](TODO). 
```

Reviewer: "code conventions" müssen noch verlinkt werden!

Author: Dafür müssen wir welche definieren. Haben wir nie richtig gemacht. 
#156

> If you use the IntelliJ IDEA you can use our [Configuration Guide](https://github.com/PM-Dungeon/core/wiki/Codeformatter-f%C3%BCr-IntelliJ-IDEA-konfigurieren) to set up your project accordingly. Please use the appropriate templates when creating an issue or pull request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using IntelliJ IDEA, you can use our [Configuration Guide](https://github.com/PM-Dungeon/core/wiki/Codeformatter-f%C3%BCr-IntelliJ-IDEA-konfigurieren) to set up your project accordingly. 
```
